[SWOOSH]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Is the Atlantean link with
the Templars still relevant
today and going forward
into the future?
I'm Scott Wolter, a
forensic geologist
and a Knights Templar.
>> And I'm Timothy Hogan,
Grandmaster of the Knights
Templar.
And this is "Mysteries
of the Knights Templar."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The Atlantean prime
directive has likely
been inspired by
otherworldly influences.
>> Otherworldly influences?
Are you talking about aliens?
>> Yes.
You know, the historical
record that the Templar Order
has looked into has
found not only evidence
of flying craft being
mentioned in ancient texts
all over the world,
but also references
to star gates as found
at the temples of Egypt.
And the Order has been
cataloging these things
for the last thousand years.
>> You know, when I first got
involved in this research going
back 23 years now, the last
thing in the world I ever
expected was for this Templar
research to go down the road
of aliens.
But in fact, that's exactly
what's happened to me.
Now, I would like to share
something with you that I think
is frankly incredible
and came out of the blue,
but here it is.
Now, you're aware of this
Templar document, the Cremona
Document we've been working
on for several years that
was purchased by
somebody back in 1971 who
has shared this research and
has been receiving documents
from colleagues that
have been passing on
over the last several years.
In 2022, we received a document
that just came out of the blue.
And what I would like
to do is read a passage
from this document.
Now, there is a
document that we learned
from this Cremona
material called
"The Book of the
Wars of the Lord."
Have you ever heard of it?
>> To my knowledge, this
has never been revealed
to the public before.
>> It says that it was mentioned
in the Bible in the Book
of Numbers, but no extant
copy is known to exist today.
>> Right.
>> Well, guess what?
We have a part of it, at least.
And if you'll indulge me,
I'd like to read something.
I'm not going to read
the entire passage,
but I'm going to
read what I consider
to be the most relevant.
Basically, what we
have here is a standoff
between the sons of Dan and
another warring faction.
They're standing on the
edge of essentially a swamp,
and they are told not
to go into the water,
but to goad your
enemy into the water.
So with that as a backdrop, "The
Goddess Wisdom has commanded us
and we have obeyed, but we
set not foot into Edom."
Then a cloud descended
from Heaven, and out
of the cloud, quote, "These
are the people of the Lord,
and I am their goddess.
You will depart this
place or be destroyed,
for I do battle this
day for the sons of Dan.
The leader of the Edomites
set forth in his chariots
into the shallows of the water.
Then did a silver beast
descend from the cloud
in the likeness of a great bird
and spat bolts of lightning
from its wings into the water.
And the horses of
the chariots died
and the men of the chariots
shook as with palsy,
fell to the waters, and drowned.
Then a great flame emitted
from the mouth of the beast
and the host of the
Edomites were consumed.
To the last blade of
grass, they were consumed
and the Earth scorched black."
One last thing.
In times to come, the
King of Edom shall
remember this place
and this day and shall
enter into a covenant--"
there's that word again--
"with Israel to build
a great fort here.
So it was written in the "Book
of the Wars of the Lord."
So even just those few passages,
there's a lot to unpack.
What do you take from
what I just read?
>> Well, certainly, we
have the Goddess of Wisdom.
This, of course,
reminds us of Sophia.
At I'm also reminded of--
Solomon was said to have
gotten in trouble because he
was worshiping not only
Yahweh, but also Asherah, which
was a female consort of Yahweh.
>> Male and female,
just as it says here.
>> Right.
And so as it's being
suggested here.
But more important
than that, here we
have literally a description
of the flying craft
coming in and doing damage.
>> What else can it be, right?
And it appears that it didn't
just come in indiscriminately
and start wreaking havoc.
It was commanded, or it was
asked to do this work, right?
And this is an alien spacecraft.
The other thing that's
really interesting
here is that it talks about,
this is the place where
a great fort would be
built, which I can only
interpret it to be the
Temple of Solomon, right?
>> Yeah, and that
would make sense.
>> But it doesn't end there.
There's more.
Let me give you a little context
to these other documents,
right?
This is not the "Book of
the Wars of the Lord."
These are other messages
that were deeply encrypted.
They took us weeks to decipher.
And these were the
hardest ones to decipher,
and I think the reason
is the information
is the most profound.
And this is dated 1898.
"I saw the lights again.
Could be an ill omen.
The right one descended upon
my winter lodge and behold,
there stood the
likeness of Amon."
It doesn't say "a man."
It says "Amon."
>> Traditionally,
"A-mun" or "A-mon"
just meant the hidden one.
And it was something
that was-- for example,
the Lord's Prayer originally
came from the "Papyrus of Ani"
where it began, Amun, Amun,
who art in Heaven, hallowed
be thy name."
It represented the hidden one.
It was this hidden power.
>> So what happened
here happened in 1898.
"He was of common dress
and medium height;
he had about the eyes
shown a light blue."
What he's asked to do is
to go recover something,
and I'll hold that till the end.
But while he's taking this
journey to the place where
this thing is hidden
he's supposed to recover,
he interacts with people
and he asks them questions,
and they have to respond
with the proper response, OK?
Kind of sounds like
Freemasonry, right?
>> Yeah.
>> In one case he asked,
do you have a land cage?
And he responds, "Just
a k candle saga Kay."
Remember that name Kay.
Later, he asked
Kay, "Thus, will ye
know him to give him
the goat skin scroll."
He gives him the scroll, and
then later in the message
it says, "So has passed the
scroll of the Wars of the Lord
from the world of men."
>> Hmm.
>> OK.
This is 1898.
Your interpretation.
>> If we go back to Francis
Bacon's "New Atlantis,"
if we read in his book we have
this story about these people
who crashed on an island.
They encountered a group known
as the Brotherhood of Solomon.
They were developing all these
technologies and medicines
and everything else.
And the people who
crashed on the island
said, well, how did
you develop this?
And they said, well, we
saw this light in the sky,
and we sailed our
boat out to it,
and a force field kept us
from getting any closer.
And then it spit
this book out to us.
And we brought the book
back and we started
trying to create the things.
>> Could it be the "Book
of the Wars of the Lord?"
>> It seems to be right in
line with the same idea.
>> Oh my gosh.
That's fantastic.
We have a total of six messages
that we received this year.
It took us literally
two months to decode
these encrypted messages.
But the name Kay is
mentioned multiple times.
In fact, at the end of
one message it says here,
"Uriel pledged to the
service of the angel Kay."
And it's mentioned in
three different messages.
So this person has to be an
otherworldly being, right?
My takeaways from this "Book
of the Wars of the Lord"
are first and foremost,
the dual-gendered nature
of God, which is something I've
been arguing for years, right?
Here we seem to have
it being confirmed.
That is something that
would be heretical certainly
to the church, right?
Secondly, we have what
can only be the mention
of extraterrestrial beings.
That is an explosive
bit of information.
And lastly, apparently, the
world was not ready in 1898,
so they took it back.
It's coming out now, right?
This has come to us now.
We're just sharing this for
the first time right now.
Does that mean the world is now
finally ready for these truths
to be revealed?
>> Really, why we're even
doing this is it's time to wake
people up to this
deeper history,
and also our deeper connection
with something beyond this
world that we've been
experiencing for forever.
>> Well, I think you're
hitting the nail on the head.
And it goes beyond
that, because look.
In the last several
years, there's
more and more discussion
about extraterrestrials.
And it seems that it's
inevitable that it's not just
the United States, of course.
There are other governments
around the world that know
about these beings out there.
And actually, what
I've been told
is there's been a
lot more interaction.
A couple of years ago, I
was approached by somebody
with the Department
of Defense that
asked if I would be willing
to help out with disclosure.
And I said, after vetting
this person, sure.
Anything I can do to help.
And one of the things
I was told is not only
are ETs or extraterrestrials
real and out there,
but we've actually
been interacting
with them for many
decades, if not centuries.
In fact, at one point he told
me that in the United States,
2.5% of the population is them.
Some know who they are.
Others don't.
So what that tells
you is that they
look like us, or at least
this particular species.
And we might have one or
more in this very room.
There's 400 million
people approximately
in the United States.
That would be about
eight million people.
What's happening now
is the time is right.
The time is now.
And I think that's part of
the reason we're here together
and bringing forth these truths
and this ultimate message.
And I guess, what is it we
want people to think when they
get done with this program?
>> Well, something that the
Templar tradition has always
said, that divine spark
is within everybody.
And so anybody through
their own efforts
can attune with that higher
consciousness, whatever you
want to call it, that source.
But even beyond
that, that source,
not only does it connect with
each one of us individually,
but it allows us to be
connected to each other,
whether that be people
from this planet or beings
from other planets,
that they would all
be a part of this
network of consciousness.
The true mission of
the Templar order
has always been to
prepare humanity
to enter into this
galactic community.
We are at a point now where
we're growing up, so to speak,
and where our technology is
outpacing our spirituality.
So we have to find this perfect
blend so that we can move
forward responsibly into space.
If we look historically,
the Templar Order
has always been involved in
trying to raise consciousness,
and that equality
was being celebrated.
They belonged to Gnostic
traditions in which
there were female priesthood.
No problem.
There was this
celebration of Sophia
and her many forms
of the goddess.
There was a
celebration of people
of all different backgrounds,
from the lowliest peasant
to the highest kings, all
different cultures specifically
for this purpose of bringing
us together to enter
into our greater destiny.
>> I have one more thing
I would like to read.
This is towards the end.
And what has happened here
is CLY, the person that wrote
this, is being directed by Kay.
"From there Kay told me to go
one day north and make camp."
What he's doing is
he is hiding relics.
"The next morning, I see the
lake is deeper and bigger,
so then it has been hidden
from the hands of men, the cup
of our Lord Christ Jesus.
I returned to the shore
and sleep under the boat.
The next morning,
as the fog lifts,
I see Alfredo aship
and paddle to him.
So now I know it is not
the relic, but the quest.
It is not the finding
or the having,
but the journey that with a
pure heart and sound mind,
the truth shall out, for a
thing holds no power of itself.
The power of God is within you.
The relics were meant to unite
all men in love and peace."
Now, before we were
talking about it
in an allegorical sense.
But I think in this case, we're
talking about the actual cup.
>> Yeah, probably a ritual cup--
>> --that was used
at the Last Supper.
And of course, the
other relic would be
the head of John the Baptist.
>> Right.
>> "As Lionel the 1st was able,
took refuge with the Hebrews
in the Valley of Cold."
This would be the Temple of
the Goddess in the Catskills.
"And from Safed for they revere
the Feminine Aspect of God.
So was I also born.
Finitus Est, It is Finished,"
and "Alav Ha-Shalom."
Goodbye, my love.
Beautiful.
>> Here we're getting to the
heart of getting in touch with
that inner source.
That's what keeps us
maintaining order.
connected with each other.
It's what keeps us connected
with the universe around us.
It's what ensures things
don't fall out of balance.
If we learned anything
from the story of Atlantis,
is that here was this great
civilization that even
with all their technology
and everything else,
it still collapsed.
And it's taken over
12,000 years for us
to get back probably to the
point where we were at before.
>> We need to learn from the
past so that we can go forward
into the future.
This is important
work that we're doing.
And we all need to do--
everybody watching this needs
to take it upon themselves to
try to do whatever they can
that's within their power to
help make the world a better
place.
And part of that
is by also trying
to achieve that spiritual
enlightenment, that connection
with deity that you
don't necessarily need
a human conduit to achieve.
You have the power.
That's what it says
right here, right?
>> It's inherently
already in you.
And I'm reminded at
this instance of, again,
with Sophia, is she represented
the freedom to not only make
mistakes, but to learn
from those mistakes
so that she could attain
the higher consciousness.
And in the earliest
depictions of her,
she was depicted with a
seven-pointed crown holding
a torch.
And what does this sound like?
Statue of Liberty.
>> It also sounds
like Persephone--
Freedom-- that stands atop our
Capitol dome in Washington, DC.
>> It's exactly right.
We have formed the new Atlantis.
Now it's our job to maintain it.
>> Beautiful.
>> And this is what
we've been promised.
>> It's our destiny.
Then we have a greater
destiny beyond this world.
There's an entire
galactic community
out there waiting
for us, but we have
to prove that we can get
along with each other
down here first before we're
going to be allowed there.
You talked about the
chalice of Jesus,
the skull of John the Baptist.
While they hold religious
and sacred significance
and Templars have always
sworn to protect the sacred,
let's also not forget
about the arks.
These arks are a technology,
and they are meant to be used.
It's our understanding
if these arks were
used as they had
been in the past,
they were a technology
to provide power
to the entire world.
>> So this was the
Atlanteans-age Internet or grid
system, right?
>> Exactly.
Yeah, to broadcast
electricity within regions.
If there was a
massive solar flare,
for example, that could wipe
out our solar grid, something
like the Carrington
Event, we would
be in a really bad situation.
>> We'd be in a world of hurt.
>> Right.
But these arks could be
utilized in order to--
>> Resurrect?
>> --build things back up
again because they are natural
capacitors that build up the
electricity from the Earth
itself.
It's really technology that even
Tesla was trying to implement.
But we have to be coming from
the right place spiritually
and internally to be
responsible with this technology
because even as
the Bible warns us,
if the ark wasn't
put in good hands,
it could be incredibly
destructive.
This is still the case today.
It's our intention in
the very near future
to actually take these
arks out of the vaults
that they're in so that
they can be utilized.
But we need to
know that humanity
is in the right frame of mind,
the right motivation for using
them.
>> One of the other things that
I was told by this contact with
the DOD is we don't
have to get everybody.
It doesn't require
100% participation
because you're never
going to get that.
But what he told
me is if we could
get 6% of the population--
only 6%, he said,
that's enough to do it.
And if that's not doable,
I don't know what is.
I know we can do that.
>> I believe we can as well.
I think that's what
we need to work for.
And I think ultimately,
this is our Eden.
I mean, we have been
entrusted the responsibility
to attend this garden.
This is my dream.
This is my ambition.
This is what the Templar Order
has always strived towards.
Though sadly, if we can't get
there, everything falls apart.
If we just can't
rise to the occasion,
the Templar Order continues
to pass on the keys
for rebuilding civilization.
>> We don't want to become
the next chapter in the fall
of Atlantis, having to pass
on to another generation.
We want to fix it
this time, right?
>> Yeah, that's right.
As we continue to
protect the sacred,
to recognize the sacred
within each other,
and to our other beings that
are out there that we will enter
into this galactic community,
and humanity will now
take its place in the table of
this greater community that's
out there.
And as Templars, it's
our responsibility,
just as it always has been,
to lead people to that place.
>> This concludes this season
of "Mysteries of the Knights
Templar."
[MUSIC PLAYING]